README.md, before:

# [project name]

## Project Goal
:point_right: Replace this text with a pithy description of the goal of the data analysis project.


## Background & Design
:point_right: Replace this text with a slightly longer (but still only max 250 words) description of the project background and its design. 


## Roadmap
:point_right: Insert graphic of planned project releases. [This site](https://app.diagrams.net/) allows you to build a graphic that is connected to GitHub, so that changes you make are treated as GitHub commits.


## Contents
:point_right: This section should introduce the content that is published on `main`. Example:


#### 2021-07-01 SPR Poster
This is a description of the poster. There is a matching folder in the repo.

:point_right: When you first set up this readme file, you might replace everything under "Contents" here with something like "Watch for our first release!"


## Work in Development
This `main` branch contains completed releases for this project. For all work-in-progress, please switch over to the `dev` branches.

:point_right: Keep the "Work in Development" text above as the default NDCLab "blurb" to help visitors navigate the repo. But delete this note before publishing the readme file.


## Contributors
| Name | Role |
| ---  | ---  |
| insert team member | add team member's role |
| insert team member | add team member's role |
| insert team member | add team member's role |

Learn more about us [here](www.ndclab.com/people).


## Contributing
If you are interested in contributing, please read our [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

:point_right: Keep the "Contributing" text above as the default NDCLab "blurb" to help visitors navigate the repo. But delete this note before publishing the readme file.

Commit message:

updated readme for putt-putt-miss

README.md, after:

# putt-putt-miss

## Project Goal & Hypothesis
This dataset seeks to test whether error-related brain activity differs between socially anxious and non-anxious participants within an ecologically valid task context. Towards this end, we will assess error-related brain activity during a real-world golf task. 

We hypothesize that individuals with social anxiety will exhibit elevated error-related brain activity when making mistakes in the presence of others, whether on a traditional lab-based computer task or within an ecologically valid sports task.



## Design & Analysis
Participants will complete a set of questionnaires assessing social anxiety followed by a flanker task (assessing inhibitory control abilities) along with a golf putting task. Each task will be completed twice; once while alone (creating a “nonsocial context”) and once while being observed by the experimenter (creating a “social context”). We use EEG to assess error detection. 

The error-related negativity (ERN), and event-related potential (ERP) associated with error monitoring will be extracted following errors in both tasks, in both conditions (whether alone or under social observation). Additionally, we will perform regression-based analyses in MATLAB to test whether variation in social anxiety more strongly relates to either task in the social condition, and moreover, if there is an interaction between the tasks, such that a stronger relation is observed in the social setting vs non-social setting for one or both tasks.



## Roadmap
**Release:** Q1 2022



## Contents
Watch out for our first release!



## Work in Development
This `main` branch contains completed releases for this project. For all work-in-progress, please switch over to the `dev` branches.



## Contributors
| Name | Role |
| ---  | ---  |
| George Buzzell | Principal Investigator |
| Sarah Malykke | Project Lead |
| Olivia Stibolt | PhD Student |
| Ian Cespedes | Junior Research Assistant |
| Will Padua Jimenez | Junior Research Assistant |
| Ada Chow | Junior Research Assistant |
| Lauren Weber | Junior Research Assistant |


Learn more about us [here](www.ndclab.com/people).


## Contributing
If you are interested in contributing, please read our [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.
